# now

Kayro Jane woke up. Again. It just kept on happening.

She tried (again) to shake off the memories of before, back when the Stacks were a killing ground. It was like ducking to avoid a too-short doorframe: routine.

She rolled off her bunk, stepped across to her hab's kitchen and began the next routine: a gathering of stimulants. In front of the machine (which could also do depressants for when facing the world felt too big) her fist-sized terminal sat.

It was blinking. Blinking with a message from ~~[[EDS]]~~. 

> Check the blinking message.
> Ignore it (just like the last 700 megaseconds).->[[02-gcc6-00]]


563.5

#t2563 

:: check blinking message

`Kayro. It's time to write again. The world is waking up. Give the public what they want.`

Ugh. Kayro moved the terminal and programmed her usual morning supplements while EDS' messages flickered across the screen. It always started off with this kind of pseudo-flattery about this imagined audience. Her counter-commentary ran along with it. "No one has heard from you in half your lifetime. No one is clamouring for anything now."

`You remember bludbol? It's back. We don't have anyone on the beat. We missed out, thought it was bullshit back in the last go-round, but people loved it. People cared. We need someone to write about it this time.`

Kayro gave EDS more rope while the stimulants brewed up and it talked talked talked about the role of sport and bringing communities together and wank wank wank. She sipped at her breakfast, eyes following the scroll.

EDS left out the most important part, of course. She did miss writing for people.

`You can write what you want, the way you want it. Write up the scores, or bios pieces on the players or whatever. But do your thing. That thing that made everyone down here cling to every dispatch from the gang wars. This bludbol will be just like that. But with rules.`

Rules. There were rules back in the gangster times. Rules that got people stabbed and shot and half their faces melted off, but that was why people read her scribbles. Nobody actually cared about pointless games, do they? She considered. Maybe things really were different now.

Her gaze drifted back to the terminal and EDS landed one more jab.

`And if it makes a difference, there's some promoter coming down from the crust to see what these bollers are setting up. You don't want him to catch a scoop do you?`

> Figure out what there could possibly be to write about bludbol. -> [[01-2564-research]]
> Check out this promoter. -> [[01-2564-masselevatorarrival]]
> Tell EDS to fuck right off. -> [[01-resist]]

563.6

#t2563  

:: fuck right off

EDS tries to convince you that there are crimes being done, that you don't even need to watch the games but figure out the problems. This could be the story of the age.

> It's still just sports. I'm not interested.->[[03-gcvii-00]]
> Find the echoes of old Stacksburg.
> Find the way the new order is changing Stacksburg.