It sucks trying to get an interview with anyone from Orolk, but really it's your own fault. All that mass-elevator coverage and the gang fights around it back in the day kind of associated you with their difficulties. After Orolk's machinery finally got the thing installed and the violence settled down you were blocked from any of their properties and their media teams don't respond to your queries.

So following the team officially is a pain.

You talk to the bookies and they give you a line about how good the team is going to be, mostly on the bashing front, though there's argument that they could make a decent run at a division title. Getting through the playoffs is always a crapshoot though, as they found out last season. [[seasons/gcx/week16]] A lot of fans were angry about that loss to the Dynamo to end it, especially because the Kaiju team seemed to have abandoned their style to get the win.

> Is it better to be true to a playstyle than to win?

Otherwise, you get the sense that Machine fans want to see Uli bash some skulls and if they happen to win while doing it, great.

:: gcxi-opening

The Heaps aren't any fun to get to, especially to see them take on a crappy team like the Sump Runners, so you skipped the live match, which ended up being a draw [[gcxi-01-omsr]].

The Machine were on the road after that, visiting fragile speedy scoring teams the Menace, the Wyrms, the Badger Claws before running into the Gore Farmers. You were at the Wyrms and the Farmers matches (a loss and a draw), but it seems the Menace would have been a good one to see live [[gcxi-02-amom]]; this Laurel kid is having a bit of a breakout.

The victory over the Badger Claws [[gcxi-04-bcom]] was a dominant bashing-style win that took advantage of the Claws' miscues

All in all, this wasn't a bad opening to the season. Only one win, but 3 draws are keeping the division close (unlike those hapless Sump Runners).

:: gcxi-midseason

Well that didn't go too well. The Machine haven't won in weeks, were shut out in 3 of their last 5 and it's been a bit depressing to watch. Uli has been the bright spot, cruising through the season towards his Carmine Fist award. Strangely enough, the Machine are only a win out of playoff contention.

And this keeps on bringing you back to the question you had at the beginning of the season. Is the Machine staying true to its method -- to its style -- its own reward?

:: gcxi-seasonend

The Machine didn't get another win, but they did manage to use their scrubs to score 2 TDs in a match again. And even with being eliminated from the playoffs Uli seems to have the GCXI Carmine Fist well in hand.

