# spreadzone

Hey there BludBol fans and welcome to the SpreadZone, your source for all the doings in the UBBL coming up on the eleventh Green Cup season.

With the preseason out of the way and rosters being finalized for GCIX, let's take a look at the divisions.

In the Stacks the Old Wyrms are defending champions, with massive skills and a monster payroll going for the three-peat while the Filthy Tide are hoping their phenom scorer can keep on moving in her sophomore season and get the Tide some playoff wins. The Gore Farmers are (surprisingly with their history) putting together a very competitive team, but we here at SZ don't see them making a huge run in the regular season, not with the TyrolCorp Sump Runners occupying the bottom rung of the division and not seeming to be making any big adjustments.

The Outlands division looks way more competitive for GCXI. The Badger Claws still have the biggest star in the game but Aeson has mentioned this might be his final season, so player development looks like an imperative at least early in the season. The Irregular Cogs have the personnel to be really good, but they've been stumbling recently come playoff time so there are some arguments against going all in for the regular season. That said, the Arboreal Menace are poised to fight for their first shot at Green Cup playoffs though that will require bettering the defensive powerhouse Carcosan Tatters.

The Heaps division had some of the biggest surprises last season, including a terrible Glorious Hounds team. They seem to have shaken that off and winning UBBL Challenge IV in the mean time has given them a lot more confidence. The Orbital Machine has been shedding fans after the last season but our projections have them playing respectable bashy BludBol. The Kaiju Dynamo outperformed their expectations in GCX, but the same can be said about the Zensun Vagabonds. Which of those teams can play up to this season's hopes? Only the next 15 matches will tell.

Then of course we have the Pits. This is the division where we've got two rebuilding teams in the Eldritch Fatality and the Cackling Furies. The Fatality were lousy in GCX, surprising everyone and they don't have the funds so far to fund a big new push. The Darkling Spectres are running out a strange new lineup for them, which a lot of people have a hard time envisioning as a successful one. All this ineptitude probably leaves the division ripe for the Ravenous Eagles to sneak through to the division title again, but it's hard to say.